Please take a few minutes to reflect on your experience in CSE 111 and
think about the challenges, successes, and all that you've learned
along the way.


Now, please respond thoroughly (1 - 2 paragraphs for each question) to
the following questions.

1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of
functions.

One experience I had this semester where I saw the power of functions was when we were writing the sentences program.
I was very happy to find out that you could call functions as many times as you needed without having to rewrite the code
time and time again. When I saw that I could tell a function to run multiple times, I was impressed by the usefullness of 
that functionality.

2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?

The value of a test function is great. It allows the programmer to find errors in their code and to figure out where
it is failing to do what they want. By testing each function they have made, any programmer can assure their employers
that their program works without issue. By not testing, programs that are pushed out for public use, could become a problem 
for whomever is using it. For example, there was a programmer whom prided on his work too much. This programmer did not test his 
program and gave it to some of his employers. When the employers tried to use it, the program caused a failure in the equipment the
employers were using. By using test functions, we can work to prevent the failure of important programs that are used by people alla
around the world.

3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?

My process for troubleshooting begins with finding an error in my code.
This error can range from a function not working to a misplaced comma.
First, I run the program again to find where it is failing at. 
Second, I look at the code which is not being executed and work out what that code does.
Third, I change the code to a solution that I think may work and I run the program again.
Fourth, I go through the first three steps again until the program can run all the way through
without a problem.
Something I can do to improve my process, is to write test functions and to separate out the 
tasks my program needs to accomplish into functions. I can then use my test functions to 
check and see if the desired output of the function is achieved. 